hey guys this is me during a texture
pack review which I made and it's uh but
has some create texture packs sorry
doesn't greet free exactly here this is
how it looks here and I download it's
matt from someone i forgot i have a most
moms but not well not what welcome to
texture pack map guest i don't i don't
REM yet sorry okay this is a pretty good
one and here's about and cures how
torches look the paintings I did I'm
guess what your paintings a lot here but
right now it's pretty simple the
paintings are both ok I sought your
torches if you can see that and blah
blah switched got switched and here's of
a and hear of a painting which I
switched vijayan painting one bigger
paying sarva once which I took some time
and made them which i think are sick
paintings orva and here we go here we go
right here what does it say more than
our room no don't care about art go and
look at the blocks jump damn you're
notched and Cara blocks and when does
this say and I'm not sure if I switched
today's but I switched it not sure in
this this map will not do it for mods or
anything that not bad knowledge put iron
blocks are seeing mushrooms you go right
here here keep going in black wool which
accidentally must have something
happened node gaming load 10 what uh you
guys saw that stupid fire and I didn't
switch rules I didn't switch a lot I
didn't switch it a lot Thank here we go
to your rails is a switch for a long
time here a lot of water switched we so
I switched
what's this here's a seeds leaked I'm
not gonna briga too scared I'm a scary
I'm gonna go over later and second
sticky pistons are its wish to texture
pack a little bit i switch to text back
a little bit and here we go single chest
what that otha this is my step just
messed up this is a massive chest I
won't allow this I'm not lying a bit
mess of chest my chest messed up how
dare he do to special chest and this is
how a chest looks like this is how the
single one looks this is how a double
one looks open you I'll open you saw
double looks and I didn't switch it a
lot again still and I need fucking me
named here we go this is it open me
again and right here and this is lava
you can see the graphic so much to
graphics and here we go some tools fire
fire the gun please fire fire fire
switched i switch fire 02 here's a boat
yeah oh wait what the macaroni yeah
gimme a gimme gimme at Holy you buy saw
back because I as a messed-up thing oh
shoot Oh what does need to happen to me
all the time game no game mode 1 okay
here we go got out of here cactus
doesn't switch doesn't switch it switch
is a redstone switch with furnace I
switching which is on which I'm trying
to fix right now I'm trying to hear am I
get some diamonds huh again we get some
coal tier cool
which I really messed up and I'm gonna
fix it and you saw what happens to a
diet diamond and it's not gonna slow
down at all I'm just showing you that I
need to fix of a thing and yeah no shit
chest here's a TT and here's nice I
won't be high dry for me how dare me hi
guys ok here's a tree ok here we go and
this is above the thing Thank to single
documents and too many items well these
are little closeable here's a squid
which I hate squids you suk chi master
i'm guessing all of it chickens and that
thanks Don then what's here sticks which
team I canyons farm here I'll do this it
doesn't switch a lot this isn't switch
anything here we go continue what's this
is a pig zombie ok I mean a cow cows are
ugly here this here's a spider spider
don't switch it enough here my creeper
don't switch the zombie don't switch
nothing switches acceptable paintings
and things I should you and hear a thing
which I I worked on but the farmer
swords the pickaxes and everything like
that I didn't work on uh you know this
stuff but the good stuff I worked on
good stuff from a texture pack a good
ones and that's this is all for texture
pack a little girl I leave a link in
description for download and thank you
for watching a video if you actually
watch it to it and if you didn't watch
it watch it from beginning and
thank you yeah let me just get somewhere
take a screenshot she posted she post it
here we go here it is screenshot no
wrong thing okay here's a screenshot
which I'm going to post and your first
wants to see screenshot that move move
or okay here it is here it is i'm going
to go to a painting and get right here
Burke screenshot oops yep say thank you
for watching guys thank you